add splunk documentation (#331)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: setting_up_firely_server/configuration/logsettings.rst

			},
		],

Splunk
^^^^^^
Firely Server can also log to Splunk. What you need to do:

#. Setup a Splunk environment as described by the Splunk documentation

> #. Create a ``HTTP Event Collector`` for the application, save the ``Token Value`` for later use
> #. Check in the ``Global Settings`` in the ``HTTP Event Collector`` screen which port is used
> #. Add the correct sink to the logsettings.json::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create an ``HTTP Event Collector`` for Firely Server and record the ``Token Value`` to be used below
#. Refer to the ``Global Settings`` section in the ``HTTP Event Collector`` interface to identify the assign port
#. Add the sink values to the logsettings.json::
```

Reviewer: I realized after doing this that the other doc looks much like the way you wrote it. Feel free to edit or ignore. We can refine all of it another day.
